[Docs](table-valued-function) add docs for `s3` and `hdfs` tvf (#14369)
apache/doris: docs/zh-CN/docs/sql-manual/sql-functions/table-functions/hdfs.md

---
{
    "title": "hdfs",
    "language": "zh-CN"
}
---

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

> # `HDFS`

Reviewer: 参考如下格式重新组织文档（以下标题都为“必须”项，并且标题使用英文）
```
<version since="1.2.0">

## SHOW-ALTER

### Name

### Description

### Example

### Keywords

### Best Practice

</version>
```

Author: done

## description

> HDFS表函数（table-valued-function,tvf），可以读取hdfs上的文件，将文件中的内容转换为doris中的内存表,生成一张doris临时表。目前支持`csv/csv_with_names/csv_with_names_and_types/json/parquet/orc`文件格式。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HDFS表函数（table-valued-function,tvf），可以让用户像访问关系表格式数据一样，读取并访问 HDFS 上的文件内容。目前支持`csv/csv_with_names/csv_with_names_and_types/json/parquet/orc`文件格式。
```

Author: ok
